---
title: Home
layout: page
---
This site contains a collection of articles about a suite of development tools for creating Augmented Reality experiences. The code generated by these tools is aimed at the argon.js framework and will run best in the [Argon4](http://argonjs.io/argon-app/), an Augmented Reality Web Browser created by the AEL (Augmented Environments Lab) at Georgia Tech. Some of the features will also work in conventional browsers, on mobile devices (Android as well as iPhone) and in laptops and desktops. 

Argon4 is powerful, but exploiting its full power requires considerable javascript programming skills. You can take leverage many of the features of Argon4 by using our design aids that require less (or no) javascript programming. These aids are:

* The panoramic narrative template. This is a drag-and-drop web interface to generate panoramic stories (with optional audio).
* Argon-aframe. This extension to the aframe-framework allows you to create 3D graphic experiences that can be display in Argon by making use of custom html tags. For many experiences you will need only html. You can add further features to your experience by writing additional javascript scripts. 
* Argon for Twine. [Twine](http://twinery.org) is an "open-source tool for telling interactive, nonlinear stories."  By using a special custom format for Twine, called OldFashioned, you can use all the features of Twine to create intearactive experiences that can be exported to run in the Argon4 browser. 



The *argon.js* framework was created in conjunction with *Argon4*, the 4th version of the [Argon Browser](http://argonjs.io/argon-app/).  *Argon4* is a web browser with AR capabilities, and together with *argon.js* lets developers create AR-enabled web sites that mix geospatial AR with computer vision tracking of images and objects (using the [Vuforia AR SDK](https://www.vuforia.com)). Argon4 also allows multiple AR web-apps to run and be visible at the same time and abstracts the underlying technology from the application: both of these characteristics of Argon4 anticipate the future of AR-enabled web-browsers and have informed the design of *argon.js*.

The *argon.js* framework is designed to make it easy to build AR-enabled web-applications that will run in any standards-based web-browser, not just *Argon4*, across a variety of platforms and devices. Apps built with *argon.js* are normal web-apps, built with standard web technologies (HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, WebGL, etc), which can be hosted with any standard server-side architecture. No proprietary server-side solution required! 


This site contains a collection of articles for learning how to use *argon.js* to add Augmented Reality content to a web application. 

* For an introduction to the terminology and concepts used by the framework, please read the [overview](/concepts/overview/).
* For a guided walkthrough demonstrating how to build simple *argon.js* apps from start to finish, leveraging the [three.js](http://threejs.org) rendering library, check out the [tutorial](/tutorial/).
* If you would like to contribute to *argon.js* (or just peer at the source), the *argon.js* framework is available on [Github](https://github.com/argonjs/argon).
* Apps built with *argon.js* will run in any standard web browser. However, the [Argon Browser](http://argonjs.io/argon-app) supports additional AR capabilties that can be leveraged by *argon.js* apps.
